<ui:composition
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">


    <h:form>  
        <p:panel header="Contents" >

            <blockquote cite='http://www.azquotes.com/quotes/topics/checklists.html' >
                <q title="Jon Stewart">
                    I watch a lot of astronaut movies....Mostly Star Wars. And even Han and Chewie use a checklist.
                </q>
            </blockquote>
            <h1>Readiness Checklists</h1>            
            <h2 id='introduction'>
                Introduction
            </h2>
            <p>
                Central Configuration Database System (CCDB) is a software tool that assists in managing the configuration of a particle accelerator facility.                    
                It stores physical and logical information about the accelerator and its component systems:
                devices, device types, device properties, relationships among devices, data on installation, alignment, and signals.
                This includes information about magnets, RFQs, RF cavities, diagnostic devices, 
                solenoids, power supplies, valves, pumps etc. It contains device 
                attributes, design parameters, schematics, mechanical layouts and detail 
                drawings, electrical schedules, EM model information, building information, utility 
                installation, geographical location etc. It includes devices from both accelerator 
                and experimental systems. It is part of <h:outputLink value="#{msgs.discs}" target="_blank">DISCS</h:outputLink>.                   
            </p>
            <p>
                During its life cycle,  a device or slot undergoes a number of processes such as Mechanical Inspection, Electrical Inspection, and Device Hazard Review.
                CCDB captures the final status of these processes, for a device or a slot, using <e>Readiness Checklists</e>.

                Readiness Checklists are used by Device
                Owners and Area Managers to collect input from Subject Matter Experts (SME), and to 
                decide and document device and slot readiness for installation, integrated testing, and/or beam.  
            </p>
            <h2 id='terminology'>
                Terminology
            </h2>

            <ui:include src='terminology.xhtml'/>

            <h2 id='checklist'>
                Readiness Checklists
            </h2>
            <p>               
                CCDB Implementation Plan [1], the verbatim source of this section,  
                describes Readiness Checklists in all their gory.
                Readiness Checklists provide a top-down review with Subject Matter Experts (SME) 
                to verify that a device, slot, or subsystem is ready for use, and to ensure that
                higher-level performance and safety requirements that are not specifically part of 
                the configuration attributes will be met.
            </p>
            <p>
                Readiness Checklists can be associated with devices (a physical item that gets installed), 
                slots (the space where a device gets installed; in this context a slot checklist is for the 
                installed device including its interfaces), or groups of slots (a collection of slots with their installed devices, defined by the Area Manager).
                It should be noted that some devices may contain other devices, in an assembly.  
            </p>
            <p>
                One example is cryomodules: the cryomodule itself is a device, and gets installed into a cryomodule slot.  
                Within that physical space is also where the superconducting cavities will reside.  
                Due to the nature of the configuration data that will get collected in the CCDB, both the cavity devices 
                and cryomodule device will have entries in the database, since some important information is associated 
                with the particular cavity, and other information is pertinent to the entire cryomodule assembly.  
                Assemblies in the CCDB relate the parent-child hierarchies so that when a cryomodule device gets installed, 
                the cavity devices that are within it automatically fill the appropriate cavity slots.  
            </p>
            <p>
                Assemblies are not not the same as Groups: assemblies store the physical relationship of devices within a 
                larger device, so those internal devices can move with the larger device and fill appropriate slots when 
                the larger device gets installed; groups are arbitrary collections of slots defined by a user, so those 
                grouped slots can be collectively reviewed with a checklist.  A Group might include a cryomodule slot, 
                the cavity slots, and the adjacent warm beamline slots; or, the Area Manager may choose to group the 
                cryomodule slot with the power supply and RF amplifier rack slots that power power it (and leave out 
                the individual cavity slots).  In this way, groups do not have a predefined physical relationship; they 
                simply provide a method for organizing an Area Manager’s slots and assigning a single checklist to that 
                collection of slots.
            </p>
            <p>
                Area Managers own Slot and Group Readiness Checklists and their supporting data; Device Owners own 
                Device Readiness Checklists and their supporting data.
                Readiness Checklists will contain a status for each of several categories, defined in section 3.2.   
                Sample values are shown in Figure 1 for three Readiness Checklists, displayed in a table format.
                Readiness Checklists may be associated with devices, slots, or groups, at the Area Manager’s discretion 
                and with proper concurrence described in section 4.  The planned checklists at the time of this document’s writing are listed in section 3.4.
            </p>
            <p>
                Checklists for devices—typically critical and complex beamline devices such as cryomodules or 
                magnet assemblies—are primarily to assess the devices’ suitability for installation or as a spare.  
                Area Managers are encouraged to request Readiness Checklists from Device Owners for chosen devices as necessary 
                criteria for that device’s installation or replacement.
            </p>
            <p>
                Checklists for slots and groups are to verify that the devices installed in their slots, and their 
                interfaces to the larger subsystem, are ready for operation.  Checklists for slots and groups are typically a 
                verification that the critical and complex beamline devices are now properly installed and configured for use.

            </p>

            <h2 id='roles'>
                Roles and Responsibilities
            </h2>
            <ui:include src="roles.xhtml" />

            <h2 id='process'>
                Process Flow
            </h2>
            <p>
                The following figure illustrates the process for managing checklists. As the first step, Configuration Manager
                defines checklists by setting up status options ('Yes', 'No', 'Yes with Comments' etc), processes ('ME OK', 'EE OK' etc), 
                and process groups (i.e. checklists). Once checklists are defined, a typical work flow goes like thus:
                <ul>
                    <li>For Devices</li>
                    <ol>
                        <li>Device Owner assigns checklists to devices</li>
                        <li>Device Owner optionally assigns SMEs to devices</li>
                        <li>SME updates the status of devices</li>
                        <li>Device Owner sets the summary status (e.g. DO-OK) of devices</li>
                    </ol>
                    <li>For Slots</li>
                    <ol>
                        <li>Area Manager optionally defines Slot Groups</li>
                        <li>Area Manager assigns checklists to Groups and/or Slots</li>
                        <li>Area Manager optionally assigns SMEs to  Groups and/or Slots</li>
                        <li>SME updates the status of Groups and/or Slots</li>
                        <li>Device Owner sets status (e.g. DO-OK) of installed Groups and/or Slots</li>
                        <li>Area Manager sets summary status (e.g. AM-OK) of Groups and/or Slots</li>
                    </ol>
                </ul>

            </p>
            <ui:include src="procdiag.xhtml" />
            <p>
                Notes:
                <ul>
                    <li> When a checklist is assigned, all the fields will get a default status value. 
                        This is defined by the Configuration Manager during setup of checklists.</li>
                    <li>An Area Manager or Device Owner can set certain fields to NR ('Not Required'). 
                        However, this cannot be done for some fields (such as AM-OK or DO-OK).</li>
                    <li>Once an Area Manager sets the summary fields (e.g. AM-OK) to a final status (e.g. Y or YC),
                        the Group or Slot is frozen i.e the status of the rest of the fields cannot be updated. Area Manager 
                        can reset this by setting the status to N</li>
                    <li>It works the same way for devices when Device Owner sets the summary field (e.g. DO-OK) to Y or YC</li>
                </ul> 
            </p>

            <h2 id='operation'>
                Operation
            </h2>
            <p>
                Most of the operations to manage checklists are available under the
                Checklist pull-down menu from CCDB's main menubar located on the top of the page.
            </p>
            <p:graphicImage value="#{resource['images/cm/checklist-menu.png']}"/> 

            <p>
                Use the Checklist pull-down menu to perform the following tasks:
                <ul>                  
                    <li>Assign Checklists: Assign checklists to devices, groups, and slots</li>
                    <li>Assign SMEs: Assign SMEs to devices, groups, and slots</li>
                    <li>Update Status: Update status of devices, groups, and slots</li>
                    <li>Slot Groups: Manage slot groups</li>
                    <li>Status Reports: Generate reports for devices, groups, or slots</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>
                Besides the checklist menus, you may use the 
                <p:link href="/cm/docs/checklist-proc.xhtml" value="Process Diagram"/> to navigate to the desired page.
            </p>

            <p>
                To configure checklists (Configuration Manager), use 'Configuration' item under 'Admin' menu.
            </p>
            <p:graphicImage value="#{resource['images/cm/cm-menu.png']}"/> 

            <h2 id='authorization'>
                Authorization
            </h2>
            
            <h2 id='faqs'>
                FAQs
            </h2>
            <ul>
                <li>Why can't I set certain fields to NR?</li>
                <li>Why can't I update status of certain slots, groups, or devices?</li>
                <li>Why are some slots not listed when updating slot status?</li>
                <li>How can I unfreeze a slot, group, or device?</li>
            </ul>

            <h2 id='references'>
                References
            </h2>
        </p:panel>
    </h:form>

</ui:composition>