<ui:composition  
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">


    <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left" styleClass="userManual">  
        <f:facet name="header">  
            <p:row>  
                <p:column>Term</p:column>  
                <p:column>Definition</p:column>  
                <p:column>Examples</p:column>                  
            </p:row>  
        </f:facet>  
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>Assembly</p:column>  
            <p:column>A collection of parts.</p:column>  
            <p:column>A coldmass</p:column>  
        </p:row> 
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>Device</p:column>  
            <p:column>A device can be independently installed and de-installed as a single unit. It must be measured, tested, tracked, and serialized. 
                It is generally the final product from an engineering group. Devices may be controlled by the control system. A device may contain other devices.
            </p:column>  
            <p:column>A magnet or RF amplifier</p:column>                             
        </p:row> 
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>FRIB Name</p:column>  
            <p:column>An identifier that adheres to the FRIB Naming Convention. It identifies a system, subsystem, slot, element, or signal.</p:column>  
            <p:column>FE:CHLR_N0002, FE_LEBT:FC_D0123:I_RD</p:column>                             
        </p:row> 
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>Installation</p:column>  
            <p:column>The process of placing a device in an appropriate slot and interfacing it with other devices.</p:column>  
            <p:column>Placing a magnet in its slot in the tunnel.</p:column>                             
        </p:row> 
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>Nick Name</p:column>  
            <p:column>A unique alias for a Part Number. It is a more meaningful name assigned by a department or a group.</p:column>  
            <p:column>CAV85-ROARK</p:column>                             
        </p:row> 

        <p:row>  
            <p:column>Part</p:column>  
            <p:column>A physical entity that forms the basic building block, for a domain. The term part is used to refer to both its design and instances.</p:column>  
            <p:column>Coupler, Bellow, Flange</p:column>                             
        </p:row>
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>Part Number</p:column>  
            <p:column>An identifier that uniquely identifies design (or type) of a part or assembly.</p:column>  
            <p:column>T30602-MDE-0140-0060 Note the part number does not have the drawing revision number</p:column>                             
        </p:row>
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>Serial Number</p:column>  
            <p:column>An identifier that uniquely identifies instance of a part or assembly. Part Number and Serial Number together uniquely identify an entity (assembly, device, or serialized part).</p:column>  
            <p:column>S01234</p:column>                             
        </p:row>
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>Slot</p:column>  
            <p:column>A slot is a uniquely identifiable space. It is identified by a name. A device, subsystem, or system is hosted (installed, placed, stored etc) in a slot. A slot may contain other slots.</p:column>  
            <p:column>FE_LEBT:FE_D1001, LS1_CA01, FE_MEBT, LS1</p:column>                             
        </p:row>
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>Subsystem</p:column>  
            <p:column>A set of one or more devices that together implement a higher functionality.</p:column>  
            <p:column>A cryomodule, Bending Section, Beam Transport Section.</p:column>                             
        </p:row>
        <p:row>  
            <p:column>System</p:column>  
            <p:column>A set of subsystems that together implement a higher functionality.</p:column>  
            <p:column>Linac segment, RF, Vacuum</p:column>                             
        </p:row>
    </p:panelGrid>   


</ui:composition>